DAY 1
Hi, I am your diary. I’m here so that you can share anything with me, good or bad, anything. Treat me as your mirror from which you can’t hide anything. But before you start, I want a promise, that you will not scrap even a single page of this especially for phone numbers or for your any stupid work. Hope I’ll always be with you as a thodi khatti and thodi meethi memory .All the Best for your future. YOUR DIARY!!!
Hi diary I have always eagerly waited for sharing my thoughts with you. First of all I have forgotten the very last moment which could flex my jaws effortlessly. Life has always shown me the rough and tough shackles of reality. I never had the lucky opportunity to wear Cinderella shoes and take off to a fairy land. Challenges with piercing Cactus mode have captivated my time. Whenever I put a plastic smile on my face, my inner aridity pierces me with watery eyes.
Emotional bliss never sets me off. But when my tough times bounce in my head I cannot control my emotions. My life remote automatically browses to emotional channel and pain is in the air. Tears pave their way and never remains confined to my eyes. Heavy heart pounces back and streams of emotions flow in their own way.
DAY 2
OHHHH!!!! I forgot to tell you my name in this flow. My name is PRATHAMA.I dnt knw from where to start my journey but one thing I knw for sure is that APNA TOH BAD LUCK HI KHARAB HAI. This is the first time I am going to pen some lines regarding myself.
Wish me on 9th July,1985. I managed to take a place on this multifaceted planet called EARTH.
Primarily I wish to talk about my LIFELINE. My lifeline is my DAD. A person who is not only my lifeline but also my 
DAY3
Now ladies and gentlemen kindly fasten your seatbelts and hold your breath. We will fly through the daily interesting(?) journey of my daily routine. I am going to share with you people about the SEEN JOURNEY WITH UNSEEN EYES. LIFE IS BREWING UP. HAVE A HOT SIP.
Today I boarded the bus and luckily got a window seat. Damn why luckily?? Whts so lucky abt getting window seat?? Well my jaw gets flexed automatically when I get a window seat. And finish my silent prayers. Next wht?? Ear plugs in, volume up and ignore the world. Believe me its a divine feeling. While travelling my favourite job is to see the scenic beauty and romance the window. Next I will walk through the lanes of Park Circus. While moving my heels I observe many things.
At first comes a muddy tea stall. A smokey effect just fades away the vision. While a group of people are in a rush to reach the schoonuq100011ml, college and office, on the other hand some people are complementing with them and just cannot make out how to kill their time. They say they do not have any work and leisure away the time. But I can see their favourite timepass is to gossip with the sip of hot tea. A sip of hot steaming tea in muddy cups just perfectly stir with the political discussion. On the other hand some pacify their hunger by giving a chance to their tongue to have a delicious taste of omelette and bread butter. Some others thrive on the cup shaped kachoris and lentil dal.
